shri adi shakti
you are the principle that created the
14 Bhuvan oz of the universes you are
beyond our comprehension adi shakti
the ohm as your sound which resonates
your three powers throughout the
universe shri adi shakti
the joy of your attention chit Feliz is
expressed in all your creation Shri Adi
Shakti namo namaha
in the play of the Divine God Almighty
acts by your powers the breath and
desire of Shri Sadashiva or one with you
Shri Adi
the paramchaitanya which is your power
makes the Stars and the heavens ring
with joy for the delight of Shri
Sadashiva Shri Adi Shakti indeed you are
the source of cosmic energy
this power radiates from you as the
finest ethers of divine love
Shree beyond matter beyond consciousness
the grace of Adi Shakti is where reality
can be known
you are the ineffable the immeasurable
we call you NUMA divine breath the
Living Waters yet you are so much more
than this
only the deities have the darshan of
your greater powers shri god almighty in
his dance unifies with your complete
power as shri adi shakti
you are the primordial power of the holy
spirit that mother tree Jesus you are
the create ryx the feminine creative
energy that sustains the peace of God
Almighty through your Mahalakshmi power
we experienced the timeless piece of the
fourth dimension shri shri adi shakti
you enable god almighty to do his sacred
work verily you are the most sublime
power in the cosmos
God Almighty takes charge
anyway Swift and surprising if anyone
acts against Shri Adi Shakti Shri
Ganesha your first creation resonates in
the carbon atom the essence of life may
he really can innocence and wisdom in
the very cells of humankind you created
the world of the divine and the world of
the evolving may our evolution merge
with this divine play
Oh Adi Shakti evolution is the force
that gives rise to your divine play in
the lives of humanity Shri Adi Shakti
the ADI Kundalini formed the primordial
chakras and opened the doors to the
unfolding of life Shri it is you who
created the Kundalini of our mother
earth Shri
the simplest flower has its fraction of
you the grandest tree has its share as
well
Shree all nature's creatures are yours
from the beauty of Mother Earth's green
sari to the majesty of the tiger and the
lion Shree the gravity of mother earth
and of all your heavenly spheres is
controlled by your power magnificent
shri adi shakti your power the
paramchaitanya adjusts nature and its
elements and it's all-pervading power
opens us to your benevolence shri adi
shakti shri adi shakti is the artistic
creator of the mother earth and those
who respect the mother earth are loved
by you
Shri Shri Adi Shakti the land of a
shootie is one aspect of your vast
creation you will raise the vibrations
to transform the people of this land
Shri Adi Shakti
the native peoples of America worshipped
Adi Shakti as the Great Mother and they
respected the land as sacred may this
attitude return to all others who live
here and enjoy the land's bounty srivasa
the mystery of living processes is yours
and yours alone and cannot be duplicated
by any personality let humanity be aware
of this Shri Adi Shakti
Oh Ritambhara Pragya you are one of the
powers of Shri Adi Shakti you are the
power of all living work Shri Adi Shakti
you regulate and organize all life Shri
Adi Shakti
you came Shri Adi Shakti
Asura Surabhi the divine cow emerging
from the Vishnu Luca at Gokul where
Krishna had his childhood shri adi
shakti shri adi shakti
let the feminine qualities of the sahaja
yoginis manifest through the beauty of
meditation surrender and self-esteem
shri adi shakti you give to women the
regal gentleness of shaadi not a-- to
care for their families and to be the
preservers of society Shri Adi Shakti
namo namaha your quality of Sharada Devi
gives authority over the truth art music
and drama Shri Adi
you also came as sati Devi establishing
a royal Dharma to which we aspire Shri
Adi Shakti namo namaha
o Fogg Devi goddess of language you give
inspiration to the great poets and
Saints shri adi shakti shri adi shakti
the describe you is the work of poets
and saints who awkwardly try to embrace
a mystery on the horizon shri adi shakti
you are parashakti the power beyond all
powers shri adi shakti give us a Adi
Shakti greater humility so that we can
gain some small glimpse of your glory
Shree
make us like the Sufis and the Gnostics
adoring you at every moment Shri Adi
Shakti namo namaha your power of
Mahalakshmi bridges over the void to
allow the Kundalini of the Seekers to
ascend Shri Adi
Thank You oddish octi for the seeking
which brought us to sahaja yoga you now
lift up humanity into the Omega of the
Last Judgement Shree
we pray that Adi Shakti's love continues
to protect all the saints and seekers
around the world Sri
shri adi shakti your work is greater
than any you created the pitas the
chakras nature and humanity and its
subtle workings may the complexity of
your work humble us down completely Shri
Adi Shakti namo namaha your love gives
power to the bond on which directs the
vibrations shri adi shakti your power of
Kundalini brings freedom that is divine
it is the only true freedom Shri Adi
Shakti namo namaha flow through us
freely help us give vibrations to all
with your photograph of living
vibrations shri
you're Mahamaya swarupa allows us to be
near you and it shields us from the
awesome night that flows from you Shri
Adi Shakti Shri Adi Shakti please give
us deeper powers of introspection so
that we become self cleansing and
self-aware Shri
you are the mother who desired that
human beings be mirrors for God Almighty
Shree you crafted beautiful mirrors of
the spirit in the sahaja Yogi's to help
redeem humanity your compassion protects
us from the anger of God Almighty Shree
through Maya humanity forgets the
principles of life through sahaja yoga
humanity now remembers and absorbs the
vibrations of Shri Adi Shakti Shri Adi
Shakti may your evolutionary force bring
humanity to the inspired existence of
the Golden Age Shri Adi Shakti you have
disentangled us from the clutches of
false pride jealousy attachment greed
false identification and violence Shri
Adi Shakti you have incarnated on this
earth for the Last Judgement Shri Adi
Shakti you are the source of cognitive
science and the torsion area Shri Adi
Shakti namo namaha whatever human beings
plan you dismantle to destroy their egos
with one subtle movement of your finger
you destroy people like Hitler Shri Adi
Shakti
you give powerful advice with very
subtle humor Shri Dino you correct
sahaja Yogi's never by harsh words but
with very loving gentle affections shri
adi shakti you explain the subtle
meaning of all the scriptures Shri Adi
Shakti namo namaha you exposed the
falsehood in very direct ways Shri Adi
Shakti namo namaha
you do not know any fear and you give
complete security to all sahaja Yogi's
Shri Adi fan you respect your children
and love them to make them perfect
models for the rest of humanity you have
you have given sahaja Yogi's sinless fun
and a life of complete joy Shree
sashad Shri Adi Shakti